[Music]
[Music] but now they mock at me men younger than
but now they mock at me men younger than
but now they mock at me men younger than I whose fathers I disdained to put with
I whose fathers I disdained to put with
I whose fathers I disdained to put with the dogs of my flock indeed what profit
the dogs of my flock indeed what profit
the dogs of my flock indeed what profit is the strength of their hands to me
is the strength of their hands to me
is the strength of their hands to me their vigor has perished they are gone
their vigor has perished they are gone
their vigor has perished they are gone from warmth and famine fleeing late to
from warmth and famine fleeing late to
from warmth and famine fleeing late to the wilderness desolate and waste to
the wilderness desolate and waste to
the wilderness desolate and waste to pluck mallow by the bushes and groom
pluck mallow by the bushes and groom
pluck mallow by the bushes and groom tree roots for their food they were
tree roots for their food they were
tree roots for their food they were driven out from among men they shouted
driven out from among men they shouted
driven out from among men they shouted at them as at a thief they had to live
at them as at a thief they had to live
at them as at a thief they had to live in the clefts of the valleys in caves of
in the clefts of the valleys in caves of
in the clefts of the valleys in caves of the earth and the rocks among the bushes
the earth and the rocks among the bushes
the earth and the rocks among the bushes they braid under the nettles they
they braid under the nettles they
they braid under the nettles they nestled they were sons of fools yes sons
nestled they were sons of fools yes sons
nestled they were sons of fools yes sons of vile men they were scourge from the
of vile men they were scourge from the
of vile men they were scourge from the land and now I am their taunting song
land and now I am their taunting song
land and now I am their taunting song yes I am their by word they abhor me
yes I am their by word they abhor me
yes I am their by word they abhor me they keep far from me they do not
they keep far from me they do not
they keep far from me they do not hesitate to spit in my face because he
hesitate to spit in my face because he
hesitate to spit in my face because he has loosed my bowstring and afflicted me
has loosed my bowstring and afflicted me
has loosed my bowstring and afflicted me they have cast off restraint before me
they have cast off restraint before me
they have cast off restraint before me at my right hand the rabble arises they
at my right hand the rabble arises they
at my right hand the rabble arises they push away my feet and they raise against
push away my feet and they raise against
push away my feet and they raise against me their ways of destruction
me their ways of destruction
me their ways of destruction and break up my path they promote my
and break up my path they promote my
and break up my path they promote my calamity they have no helper may come as
calamity they have no helper may come as
calamity they have no helper may come as broad breakers under the ruinous storm
broad breakers under the ruinous storm
broad breakers under the ruinous storm they roll along carriers are turned upon
they roll along carriers are turned upon
they roll along carriers are turned upon me they pursue my honoured as the wind
me they pursue my honoured as the wind
me they pursue my honoured as the wind and my prosperity has passed like a
and my prosperity has passed like a
and my prosperity has passed like a cloud and now my soul is poured out
cloud and now my soul is poured out
cloud and now my soul is poured out because of my plight the days of a
because of my plight the days of a
because of my plight the days of a fiction take hold of me my bones are
fiction take hold of me my bones are
fiction take hold of me my bones are pierced in me at night and my gnawing
pierced in me at night and my gnawing
pierced in me at night and my gnawing pains take no rest my great force my
pains take no rest my great force my
pains take no rest my great force my garment is disfigured it binds me about
garment is disfigured it binds me about
garment is disfigured it binds me about is the cover of my coat he has cast me
is the cover of my coat he has cast me
is the cover of my coat he has cast me into the mire and I have become like
into the mire and I have become like
into the mire and I have become like dust and ashes
I cry out to you but you do not answer
I cry out to you but you do not answer me I stand up and you regard me but you
me I stand up and you regard me but you
me I stand up and you regard me but you have become cruel to me with the
have become cruel to me with the
have become cruel to me with the strength of your hand you oppose me you
strength of your hand you oppose me you
strength of your hand you oppose me you lift me up to the wind and cause me to
lift me up to the wind and cause me to
lift me up to the wind and cause me to ride on it you spy on my success but I
ride on it you spy on my success but I
ride on it you spy on my success but I know that you will bring me to death and
know that you will bring me to death and
know that you will bring me to death and to the house appointed for all living
to the house appointed for all living
to the house appointed for all living surely he would not stretch out his hand
surely he would not stretch out his hand
surely he would not stretch out his hand against a heap of ruins if they cry out
against a heap of ruins if they cry out
against a heap of ruins if they cry out when he destroys it if I not wept for
when he destroys it if I not wept for
when he destroys it if I not wept for him who is in trouble has not my soul
him who is in trouble has not my soul
him who is in trouble has not my soul grieve for the poor but when I looked
grieve for the poor but when I looked
grieve for the poor but when I looked for good evil came to me and when I
for good evil came to me and when I
for good evil came to me and when I waited for light and came darkness my
waited for light and came darkness my
waited for light and came darkness my heart is in turmoil and cannot rest days
heart is in turmoil and cannot rest days
heart is in turmoil and cannot rest days of affliction confront me I go about
of affliction confront me I go about
of affliction confront me I go about mourning but not in the Sun I stand up
mourning but not in the Sun I stand up
mourning but not in the Sun I stand up in the Assembly and cry out for help I
in the Assembly and cry out for help I
in the Assembly and cry out for help I am a brother of jackals and the
am a brother of jackals and the
am a brother of jackals and the companion of ostriches my skin grows
companion of ostriches my skin grows
companion of ostriches my skin grows black and falls from me my bones burn
black and falls from me my bones burn
black and falls from me my bones burn with fever my heart is turned to
with fever my heart is turned to
with fever my heart is turned to mourning and my flute to the voice of
mourning and my flute to the voice of
mourning and my flute to the voice of those who
those who
those who [Music]